Add bookings feature documentation (#39)
VATSIM-UK/ukts-core-api: docs/feature/BOOKINGS.md

# Bookings Feature Documentation
_Last changed: 25th January 2020_

## Overview

> UKTS facilitates bookings on positions which within the database. There is a fair amount of logic involved in making a booking, the documentation of which is listed below. 

Reviewer: "positions which within the database"

Author: Grammarly doesn't catch everything 🗡

Bookings within UKTS for the same position cannot overlap. 

## Rating

> VATSIM GRP dictates that members with specific ATC ratings only control certain positions. For example, an S2 rated member cannot control an approach / TMA position. UKTS evaluates the suffix of the proposed booking position, e.g. APP and uses this to determine the rating requirements. The central authentication service fetches the details of the user and queries their rating. The result of this query cross-references the users’ rating with the specification, thus determining if that user can book the position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VATSIM GRP dictates that members with specific ATC ratings only control certain positions. For example, an S2 rated member cannot control an approach / TMA position. UKTS evaluates the suffix of the proposed booking position, e.g. APP and uses this to determine the rating requirements. The central authentication service is queried, and returns the details of the user, along with their rating. This rating is then compared with the specification in this API, thus determining if that user can book the position.
```
